Let’s begin by visiting a family
in Stockholm, Sweden.
The parents, Usama and Kristina,
have two daughters,
Talita and Isabella.
When Talita was born,
the doctor found cataracts
in both of her eyes.
A cataract is a clouding
of the eye’s natural lens.
So the doctor had to operate
so that Talita wouldn’t lose
her sight completely
—a terrifying situation
for any parent.
Today, Talita is seven years old
and almost blind in one eye
but completely blind in the other.
Teaching a child about Jehovah
in this system of things
is already a challenge
even without physical ailments involved.
But let’s find out how Talita’s parents
rose to the challenge,
making sure that she received
a proper spiritual education
despite her poor vision.
I look forward to not having
poor sight anymore
and that I can play
with a bear and a lion
and to sit
on the back of a tiger.
Jehovah gives us
a fantastic promise at Isaiah 35:5:
“The eyes of the blind will be opened.”
It’s been a challenge
to get to where we are today.
We thank Jehovah
for all the help he has given us.
As soon as Talita was able
to leave the house after the operation,
we made sure
to go to the meetings.
It helped us a lot to be able
to throw our burden on Jehovah.
We prayed together;
we cried a lot together
because it was so hard.
One of the challenges
is that we have to give
Talita audio description constantly.
We have to tell her who is coming in
and what is happening.
We get so many amazing materials
on jw.org
and also through the congregation.
She really loves to read
Learn From the Great Teacher.
It has questions
which make her a part of the story.
She has a very good memory,
and therefore she remembers
a lot of what she reads.
So when we are with friends,
she often quizzes them.
I really like to sing
the songs in my songbook.
Talita’s spiritual goal
is to learn more of our Kingdom songs.
We get so much help
from the beautiful music
on the website
and also
from the Caleb and Sophia videos.
She knows many of the stories
from My Book of Bible Stories,
so she can answer
in her own words.
We will ask a question like,
Do you know this about David?
And if she knows the answer,
then we encourage her
to answer at the meeting.
When I give an answer
at the meetings,
Jehovah becomes happy
because he loves children.
She often asks the friends,
“Do you love Jehovah?”
So she feels very united with them.
One of the best moments where we saw
that Talita’s spirituality had grown
was when she came home from a sleepover
at her grandparents’ house.
My parents are not Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and her grandmother had said
that God doesn’t exist.
So when Talita came home, she said,
“And then when I was going to sleep,
I prayed to Jehovah,
“‘Would you please help Grandmother
to realize that you do exist
—that you are real?’”
We try to keep
our wonderful hope alive,
so we often talk  about
what we will do
in Paradise.
We really look forward to when Talita
will be able to see again
and live in a paradise
with all our friends.
It’s going to be wonderful!
I think that Jehovah
looks forward to looking at me
when I play with a tiger.